Descriptive list of types in Transaction Types (#1790)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/references/protocol-reference/transactions/transaction-common-fields.md

| Field                | JSON Type        | [Internal Type][] | Description      |
|:---------------------|:-----------------|:------------------|:-----------------|
| `Account`            | String           | AccountID         | _(Required)_ The unique address of the [account](accounts.html) that initiated the transaction. |

> | `TransactionType`    | String           | UInt16            | _(Required)_ The type of transaction. Valid [types](transaction-types.html) include: `Payment`, `OfferCreate`, `OfferCancel`, `TrustSet`, `AccountSet`, `AccountDelete`, `SetRegularKey`, `SignerListSet`, `EscrowCreate`, `EscrowFinish`, `EscrowCancel`, `PaymentChannelCreate`, `PaymentChannelFund`, `PaymentChannelClaim`, `DepositPreauth`, ... |

Reviewer: I agree with the premise here, but if anything I don't think you take it far enough. If you're going to abbreviate it, let's trim it to three example types and leave the rest to if you click through.

```suggestion
| `TransactionType`    | String           | UInt16            | _(Required)_ The type of transaction. Valid [transaction types](transaction-types.html) include: `Payment`, `OfferCreate`, `TrustSet`, and many others. |
```
